A strange game. The only winning move is not to play.
Acting is reacting.
Are you talkin' to me?
Come with me if you want to live!
Computers are my forte!
Cuanto más profunda sea tu caida, más alto llegarás.
Demasiada perfección es un error.
Dick Laurent is dead...
Every man dies, not every man really lives. 
Every man... every man has to go through hell to reach paradise.
Fasten your seat belts, it’s going to be a bumpy night.
Happiness is only real when shared. 
Has anybody seen Sam Lowry?
Houston, we have a problem.
I am 100% sure that we're not completely sure.
I feel the need... the need for speed.
I looked for you in my closet tonight.
I see dead people.
I sense a disturbance in the Force.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
I've just picked up a fault in the AE35 unit. It's going to go 100% failure in 72 hours.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Initiative comes to thems that wait.
It had been a wonderful evening and what I needed now, to give it the perfect ending, was a little of the Ludwig Van.
It really tied the room together.
It should read "Defcon 5," which means peace.
It's a strange world.
It's not the first time, it won't be the last, but I'm in that doghouse again.
I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.
Just forget you ever saw it. It's better that way.
Life is great!"
Mi alma tiene sed de Dios, del Dios vivo.
No 9000 computer has ever made a mistake or distorted information.
No hay banda.
No me duele matarte porque sé que la muerte no existe
Oh, Elvis seems to be around.
Shit... I'm waiting for the sun to shine.
Soylent Green is people!
Take your stinkin’ paws off me, you damn dirty ape!
That's just the way it is!
The only thing Columbus discovered was that he was lost!
There's been a little complication with my complication
There?s no place like home
This one who's blind. She's the one that can see.
Toto, I’ve a feeling we’re not in Kansas anymore.
Tú disparas para encontrarte, yo lo hago para desaparecer.
Un disparo limpio y delicado, destruye lo preciso.
Wax on, wax off.
We all go a little mad sometimes
What is this mess? An empty desk is an efficient desk.
Why are there people like Frank?
Ya no temes morir, por eso eres un enemigo peligroso.
You learn about loss.
You're only as healthy as you feel.
